Hello to you honter clan red a
price today I will show you a video of this
great tank like kvass well or like
correct this is apt-1s it's just imba on
my level on my sixth level I
I think many people know how he bends how
He gets from the turntables to the soup and now I
I'll show you what's true of me.
by the way 86 percent crew is not one
perco
recharge 15 seconds to 14 half and
now you will see how he is
crews without full attention gets with
the guard the tank cool for their level
has just 175 breakdown
And as much as 390 alpha that is, average damage
more accurately see how I get now
wars from 12 tons well reduced to almost reduced
ready to tank just with the guard hits and this
at a distance to a rather big distance
look where I am almost full then the floor
cards just on the go take preemption
this tank just might well and get it
for him is bullshit and everything is why because
grandfathers fought well, so that's okay there to
really cool for their level can
give out a bunch of damage in this you of course
this heap of damage will not be since I got
into battle with the eighth levels and therefore
it's enough just to shoot
average damage will be 8 each
levels and will
A good amount of experience is my 10 fight
on kvass you will not believe yes I'm in the hangar to us
the video said that I just never
there was no kvass this is my 10 fight I never
I didn't play kvass before that
rolling out
I wanted to sprint with 3 but then it appears
just enemy kvass breaking the fence
I'm breaking just look at 412
shot given 412 damage afterwards
machine level six who is still on the sixth
level so produces onions in two stages
dreaming
well, and the third course with a break
175 punching is very hard even with 217
it seems cold breakdown will also be
not easy to punch IS-3 block but but if
pick him up in the stern then all of 3 is just
go to the hangar on the vanguard sense
simply
throw it can damage will be fine
After all, we will have the same recharge
well, and iza third can learn faster
Here you saw I charge the gold and in the rink
somewhere or do not know well, in the rough board
saying let's say it was unclear at 403
again the sixth level of the tank
level eight how do you see it
super pershing
I didn’t fully boil down so half
brought so that the scope slightly started
focus and shot out 346 of course
houses failed but note I came down and
could go anywhere in the tower in the screen
here I intentionally shot the tower
kvass
because the towers are cardboard and 400
damage we take kvass two fraga already
two frags were shot and a half thousand
pure snout damage
see the lion pushed me ally i-3
so I knew it would be it not
the last still push in this fight
but nonetheless at 336 Lion and I threw
Now we leave again and so we get
lion 290 its efficiency just what kind of tank else
at the sixth level can it really
issue and you notice i checked out and with
the guard of the oncoming I understand the distance
quite small but some
American tank or German tank with
I would miss good accuracy because
floor century
but only Soviet tanks fall see
in arcade sight not fully reduced
I hit the panther for 408 in an instant
before being pushed by an enemy fuke
enemy again allied is-3 well
how much can you push me in this fight
this is the second time i just saw him
flying back iv fired as fast as possible
and yet I hit no tank
gets so except quasar well let's talk about
sad little bit up
tank ponerfyat as wrote who there Vader
Yes, like in the same wrote that he
will take these wonderful 122 millimeters
for one thing i'm glad since i'm on
the class has never played much
did not have time to love him let's say
see tiger 2 pushes me lion
not completely reduced and ready and why
yes because the heads of the righteous tank and the tiger
2 fascist that's why so here will take away from
Kvass is his wonderful tool 122
I see a millimeter I shot 3219 damage
even got a sniper you understand 10
ten shots to the target with accuracy
just to see the best
046 if I am not mistaken, then we only
this will not cook exactly I do not remember not
little so not so little
scatter
also you can pay attention to
crew left yes now
86 percent see the difference in my experience
allies and me just not small well
home was a thousand more almost so
that kvass is like a tank yet
so bends so long as his ponerfili
I advise everyone to deflate and then
sell real tanks for fun yet
I go now I want to play on it until
the nerf is exactly what the fight liked
like subscribe to the channel with you
There was a Honter and Rita Price Country